Senior User Experience Designer 
Education
UG - B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG - MCA - Computers, M.Tech - Any Specialization, MS/M.Sc(Science) - Any Specialization 

Job Description
We are looking for a UI/UX Designer with 1-5 year of experience with Knowledge of Design Systems and have a passion for creative UI and pixel perfect Front End user experience, ability to drive and own the implementation of the Front End User experience for Data-Driven Applications, Solid understanding of visual design principles. And Conceptualize and transform Data into Visualizations & UI using javascript Libraries 

Job Responsibilities
Designing original pieces, including illustrations and infographics.
Able to work with product development over UX design requirements and delivery.
Overseeing all design projects, from conception to delivery.
Apply typography techniques.
Collaborate with product management and engineering to define and implement innovative solutions for the product direction, visuals, and experience
Execute all visual design stages from concept to final hand-off to engineering.
Conceptualize original ideas that bring simplicity and user friendliness to complex design roadblocks.
Create wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps to effectively communicate interaction and design ideas.
Generate ideas to portray concepts and advertise products/services Increase user-friendliness in digital products.
Develop wireframes and prototypes around customer needs.
Find creative ways to solve UX problems (e.g. usability, findability).
Maintain brand consistency throughout all our marketing projects.
Stay up-to-date with industry developments and tools. 

Required Skills and Experience
2-5 years of User interaction, design experience, and Design Systems 
Self-driven, energetic, highly technical, and capable of managing multiple priorities under pressure and ambiguity.
Ability to work in a fast-paced start-up development environment

Job Function
UI/UX Developer
Location
Chandigarh

